If the value is true, then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document. End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD. This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, H1, H2, M9, T1, T2, T3, M8, CY. This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented. If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD. The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'. A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument. Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria. Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer, (2) Accelerated Filer, (3) Non-accelerated Filer, (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated), (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer or (6) Smaller Reporting Company and Large Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold, or average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K. The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. Indicate if company meets the shell company criteria: a company with no or nominal operations, and with no or nominal assets or assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents. Indicates that the company is a smaller reporting company with both a public float and revenues of less than $75 million. Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A. Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line. The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities. The amount of excise and sales taxes included in sales and revenues, which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes, which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales, use and value added taxes, which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services. Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity. Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest, and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments. Amount before accretion (amortization) of purchase discount (premium) of interest income on nonoperating securities. Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for net periodic benefit cost components, excluding service cost component, of defined benefit plan. Amount includes, but is not limited to, interest cost, expected (return) loss on plan asset, amortization of prior service cost (credit), amortization of (gain) loss, amortization of transition (asset) obligation, settlement (gain) loss, curtailment (gain) loss and certain termination benefits. The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues. The net amount of other operating income and expenses, the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement, from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations. Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise. Amount, including tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value-added and excise. The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc. Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income, attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Amount, after tax and reclassification adjustment, of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan, attributable to parent. Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments, of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss), attributable to parent entity. Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature, attributable to parent entity. Amount of liabilities incurred to vendors for goods and services received, and accrued liabilities classified as other, payable within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Amount due from customers or clients, within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer), for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business, reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection. Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge. Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital, capital in excess of par, capital surplus, or paid-in capital. Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur. Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards classified as noncurrent. Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences, with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent. Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets, excluding goodwill, as of the balance sheet date, net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges. Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle, if longer. Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer. Gross amount of unprocessed materials to be used in manufacturing or production process and supplies that will be consumed. Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle, if longer. Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future. Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer. Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations. Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other. Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of other inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer. Amount of liabilities classified as other, due after one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Amount of liability, recognized in statement of financial position, for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, classified as noncurrent. Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures. Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued, repurchased by the entity, and are held in its treasury. Face amount or stated value per share of common stock. The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury. Number of common and preferred shares that were previously issued and that were repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury on the financial statement date. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends. Net Payments Related to Exercise of Stock-Based Awards Tax Cuts and Job Act, Transition Tax Expense (Benefit) Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes. The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived, physical assets not used in production, and which are not intended for resale, to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production. Amount of increase (decrease) from the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalent balances held in foreign currencies. The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income, net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes. The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to vendors for goods and services received and the amount of obligations and expenses incurred but not paid. The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services. The increase (decrease) during the period in the amount due for taxes based on the reporting entity's earnings or attributable to the entity's income earning process (business presence) within a given jurisdiction. The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities. Amount of increase (decrease) in current assets classified as other. Amount of increase (decrease) in noncurrent operating assets after deduction of noncurrent operating liabilities classified as other. Amount of cash paid for interest, excluding capitalized interest, classified as operating activity. Includes, but is not limited to, payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount. Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit. Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets. Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities. Amount of income (expense) included in net income that results in no cash inflow (outflow), classified as other. The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period. The cash outflow associated with the development, modification or acquisition of software programs or applications for internal use (that is, not to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed to others) that qualify for capitalization. The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination, which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt. Amount of cash outflow in the form of ordinary dividends to common shareholders of the parent entity. The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business, net of the cash acquired from the purchase. Amount of cash outflow for payment of premium on corporate-owned life insurance policy, classified as investing activities. Includes, but is not limited to, bank-owned life insurance policy. The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets. The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle, if longer. Amount of cash inflow for proceeds from settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policy, classified as investing activities. Includes, but is not limited to, bank-owned life insurance policy. The net cash inflow or outflow for borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer. The aggregate amount of noncash, equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options, amortization of restricted stock or units, and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash, this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method. Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) from recognition of equity-based compensation. Amount of decrease in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a stock split in which per-share par value or stated value is not changed proportionately. Amount of paid and unpaid common stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash. A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period. Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP), net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock, the exercise of stock options, stock issued under employee stock purchase plans, and/or other employee benefit plans. Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. In cases when treasury stock is reissued at a price lower than the cost to repurchase, the excess difference between the selling price and cost to repurchase is charged against retained earnings (assuming that all APIC arising from treasury stock transactions has first been exhausted). Amount of decrease of par value, additional paid in capital (APIC) and retained earnings of common and preferred stock retired from treasury when treasury stock is accounted for under the cost method. Equity impact of the cost of common and preferred stock that were repurchased during the period. Recorded using the cost method. Aggregate dividends paid during the period for each share of common stock outstanding. Accounting Policies We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). We also apply the following accounting policies when preparing our consolidated financial statements: Principles of consolidation. Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial interest. We eliminate all intercompany transactions. Estimates. To prepare financial statements that conform with GAAP, our management must make informed estimates that affect how we report revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities, including contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include bank demand deposits and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Allowance for doubtful accounts. We evaluate the collectability of accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. When we are aware of circumstances that may impair a specific customer’s ability to meet its financial obligations, we record a specific allowance to reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount we believe will be collected. We write off the uncollectable amount against the allowance when we have exhausted our collection efforts. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $7 as of both April 30, 2018 and 2019. Inventories. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Approximately 52% of our consolidated inventories are valued using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) cost method, which we use for the majority of our U.S. inventories. We value the remainder of our inventories primarily using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) cost method. FIFO cost approximates current replacement cost. If we had used the FIFO method for all inventories, they would have been $290 and $303 higher than reported at April30, 2018 and 2019 , respectively. Because we age most of our whiskeys in barrels for three to six years, we bottle and sell only a portion of our whiskey inventory each year. Following industry practice, we classify all barreled whiskey as a current asset. We include warehousing, insurance, ad valorem taxes, and other carrying charges applicable to barreled whiskey in inventory costs. We classify bulk wine, agave inventories, tequila, and liquid in bottling tanks as work in process. Property, plant, and equipment. We state property, plant, and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation. We calculate depreciation on a straight-line basis using our estimates of useful life, which are 20 – 40 years for buildings and improvements; 3 – 10 years for machinery, equipment, vehicles, furniture, and fixtures; and 3 – 7 years for capitalized software. We assess our property, plant, and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. When we do not expect to recover the carrying value of an asset (or asset group) through undiscounted future cash flows, we write it down to its estimated fair value. We determine fair value using discounted estimated future cash flows, considering market values for similar assets when available. When we retire or dispose of property, plant, and equipment, we remove its cost and accumulated depreciation from our balance sheet and reflect any gain or loss in operating income. We expense the costs of repairing and maintaining our property, plant, and equipment as we incur them. Goodwill and other intangible assets. We have obtained most of our brands by acquiring other companies. When we acquire another company, we first allocate the purchase price to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible brand names and trademarks (“brand names”), based on estimated fair value. We then record any remaining purchase price as goodwill. We do not amortize goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite lives. We consider all of our brand names to have indefinite lives. We assess our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually. Goodwill is impaired when the carrying amount of the related reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, in which case we write down the goodwill by the amount of the excess (limited to the carrying amount of the goodwill). We estimate the reporting unit’s fair value using discounted estimated future cash flows or market information. Similarly, a brand name is impaired when its carrying amount exceeds its estimated fair value, in which case we write down the brand name to its estimated fair value. We typically estimate the fair value of a brand name using either the “relief from royalty” or “excess earnings” method. We also consider market values for similar assets when available. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value, including the selection of assumptions about future cash flows, discount rates, and royalty rates. We have the option, before quantifying the fair value of a reporting unit or brand name, to evaluate qualitative factors to assess whether it is more likely than not that our goodwill or brand names are impaired. If we determine that is not the case, then we are not required to quantify the fair value. That assessment also takes considerable management judgment. Revenue recognition. Our net sales predominantly reflect global sales of beverage alcohol consumer products. We sell these products under contracts with different types of customers, depending on the market. The customer is most often a distributor, wholesaler, or retailer. Each contract typically includes a single performance obligation to transfer control of the products to the customer. Depending on the contract, control is transferred when the products are either shipped or delivered to the customer, at which point we recognize the transaction price for those products as net sales. The transaction price recognized at that point reflects our estimate of the consideration to be received in exchange for the products. The actual amount may ultimately differ due to the effect of various customer incentives and trade promotion activities. In making our estimates, we consider our historical experience and current expectations, as applicable. Subsequent adjustments recognized for changes in estimated transaction prices are typically not material. Net sales exclude taxes we collect from customers that are imposed by various governments on our sales, and are reduced by payments to customers unless made in exchange for distinct goods or services with fair values approximating the payments. Net sales include any amounts we bill customers for shipping and handling activities related to the products. We recognize the cost of those activities in cost of sales during the same period in which we recognize the related net sales. Sales returns, which are permitted only in limited situations, are not material. Customer payment terms generally range from 30 to 90 days. There are no significant amounts of contract assets or liabilities. Cost of sales. Cost of sales includes the costs of receiving, producing, inspecting, warehousing, insuring, and shipping goods sold during the period. Advertising costs. We expense the costs of advertising during the year when the advertisements first take place. Selling, general, and administrative expenses. Selling, general, and administrative expenses include the costs associated with our sales force, administrative staff and facilities, and other expenses related to our non-manufacturing functions. Stock-based compensation. We use stock-based awards as part of our incentive compensation for eligible employees and directors. We recognize the grant-date fair value of an award as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which typically corresponds to the vesting period for the award. Upon forfeiture of an award prior to vesting, we reverse any previously-recognized compensation expense related to that award. We classify stock-based compensation expense within selling, general, and administrative expenses. As we recognize compensation expense for a stock-based award, we concurrently recognize a related deferred tax asset. The subsequent vesting or exercise of the award will generally result in an actual tax benefit that differs from the deferred tax asset that had been recorded. The excess (deficiency) of the actual tax benefit over (under) the previously-recorded tax asset is recognized as income tax benefit (expense) on the date of vesting or exercise. Income taxes. We base our annual provision for income taxes on the pre-tax income reflected in our consolidated statement of operations. We establish deferred tax liabilities or assets for temporary differences between GAAP and tax reporting bases and later adjust them to reflect changes in tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. We record a valuation allowance as necessary to reduce a deferred tax asset to the amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We do not provide deferred income taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that we expect to permanently reinvest. We record a deferred tax charge in prepaid taxes for the difference between GAAP and tax reporting bases with respect to the elimination of intercompany profit in ending inventory. We assess our uncertain income tax positions in two steps. First, we evaluate whether the tax position will more likely than not, based on its technical merits, be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation. For a tax position that does not meet this first criterion, we recognize no tax benefit. For a tax position that does meet the first criterion, we recognize a tax benefit in an amount equal to the largest amount of benefit that we believe has more than a 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. We record interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as income tax expense. Foreign currency transactions and translation. We report all gains and losses from foreign currency transactions (those denominated in a currency other than the entity’s functional currency) in current income. The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for most of our consolidated entities. The local currency is the functional currency for some of our consolidated foreign entities. We translate the financial statements of those foreign entities into U.S. dollars, using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date to translate assets and liabilities, and using the average exchange rate for the reporting period to translate income and expenses. We record the resulting translation adjustments in other comprehensive income (loss). Reclassifications . We have reclassified some previously reported expense amounts related to certain marketing research and promotional agency costs to conform to the current year classification. These immaterial reclassifications between advertising expenses and selling, general, and administrative expenses had no impact on operating income or net income. The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. Adoption of Updated Accounting Standards We adopted the following Accounting Standards Update (ASU) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) as of May 1, 2016: • ASU 2016-09 : Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. This new guidance amends certain aspects of the accounting for stock-based compensation, including the income tax consequences. Under the new guidance, we recognize all tax benefits related to stock-based compensation as an income tax benefit in our statement of operations, and include all income tax cash flows within operating activities in our statement of cash flows. Under the previous accounting guidance, we recognized some of those tax benefits (excess tax benefits) as additional paid-in capital and classified that amount as a financing activity in our statement of cash flows. We adopted these provisions of the new guidance on a prospective basis. Also, under the new guidance, we recognize the excess tax benefits during the period in which the related awards vest or are exercised. Under the previous accounting guidance, we recognized those benefits during the period in which they reduced taxes payable. We adopted this provision of the new guidance on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment that increased retained earnings as of May 1, 2016, by $10 . We adopted the following ASUs as of May 1, 2018: • ASU 2014-09 : Revenue from Contracts with Customers. This update, codified along with various amendments as Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606 (ASC 606), replaces previous revenue recognition guidance. The core principle of ASC 606 requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that it expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASC 606 also requires more financial statement disclosures than were required by previous revenue recognition standards. We adopted ASC 606 using the modified retrospective method. As a result, we recorded an adjustment that decreased retained earnings as of May 1, 2018, by $25 (net of tax). The adjustment reflects the cumulative effect on that date of applying our updated revenue recognition policy, under which we recognize the cost of certain customer incentives earlier than we did before adopting ASC 606. Although this change in timing did not have a significant impact on a full-year basis, there was some change in the timing of recognition across periods. Additionally, some payments to customers that we classified as expenses before adopting the new standard are classified as reductions of net sales under our new policy. The following table shows how the adoption of ASC 606 impacted our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended April 30, 2019: The following table shows how the adoption of ASC 606 impacted our consolidated balance sheet as of April 30, 2019: • ASU 2016-15 : Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This new guidance addresses eight specific issues related to the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The impact of adopting the new guidance was limited to a change in our classification of cash payments for premiums on corporate-owned life insurance policies, which we previously reflected in operating activities. Under the new guidance, we classify those payments as investing activities. We retrospectively adjusted prior year cash flow statements to conform to the new classification. As a result, we reclassified payments (from operating activities to investing activities) of $17 and $21 for fiscal 2017 and 2018, respectively. • ASU 2016-16 : Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. This revised guidance requires the recognition of the income tax consequences (expense or benefit) of an intercompany transfer of assets other than inventory when the transfer occurs. It maintains the existing requirement to defer the recognition of the income tax consequences of an intercompany transfer of inventory until the inventory is sold to an outside party. We applied the guidance on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment that increased retained earnings as of May 1, 2018, by $20 . This includes $27 related to the intercompany transfer of assets described in Note 12. The $7 offset is related to deferred taxes established for other intercompany transfers of assets. • ASU 2017-07 : Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost. This new guidance addresses the presentation of the net periodic cost (NPC) associated with pension and other postretirement benefit plans. The guidance requires the service cost component of the NPC to be reported in the statement of operations in the same line item(s) as other compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent employees during the period. The other components of the NPC are to be presented separately from the service cost and outside of income from operations. In addition, the guidance allows only the service cost component of NPC to be eligible for capitalization when applicable. We applied the guidance retrospectively for the presentation in the statement of operations and prospectively for the capitalization of service cost. The retrospective application increased previously-reported operating income for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 by $21 and $9 , respectively. As the retrospective application merely reclassified amounts from operating income to non-operating expense, there was no effect on previously-reported net income or earnings per share. We will adopt the following ASUs as of May 1, 2019: • ASU 2016-02 : Leases. This update, codified along with various amendments as Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842 (ASC 842), replaces existing lease accounting guidance. Under ASC 842, a lessee should recognize on its balance sheet a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. ASC 842 permits an entity to make an accounting policy election not to recognize lease assets and liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less. It also requires additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures about leasing arrangements. We will adopt ASC 842 as of May 1, 2019, using a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at that date. For the transition, we plan to elect to use the package of practical expedients to not reassess (a) whether existing contracts are or contain leases, (b) the classification of existing leases, and (c) initial direct costs for existing leases. We are in the final stages of the project to implement the new standard, which has included collecting and evaluating data about our lease arrangements (including potential embedded leases), assessing policy elections, implementing a new lease accounting system, and identifying and making other changes to our processes and controls to meet the requirements of the new standard. Although subject to change as we complete the implementation of the new standard, we currently expect to record lease liabilities and right-of use assets of approximately $55 upon adoption. We do not currently expect adoption to have a material impact on our results of operations, stockholders’ equity, or cash flows. • ASU 2018-02 : Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. This new guidance would allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted by the U.S. government in December 2017. We currently plan to make the reclassification, which we estimate will increase retained earnings and decrease accumulated other comprehensive income as of May 1, 2019, by approximately $40 . There are no other new accounting standards or updates to be adopted that we currently believe might have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. Adoption of Updated Accounting Standards [Abstract] The entire disclosure of changes in accounting principles, including adoption of new accounting pronouncements, that describes the new methods, amount and effects on financial statement line items. The entire disclosure for supplemental balance sheet disclosures, including descriptions and amounts for assets, liabilities, and equity. The entire disclosure for earnings per share. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets The following table shows the changes in goodwill (which include no accumulated impairment losses) and other intangible assets over the past two years: Our other intangible assets consist of trademarks and brand names, all with indefinite useful lives. During fiscal 2018, we recorded a $2 impairment charge related to the write-off of the carrying amount of an immaterial discontinued brand name. The entire disclosure for goodwill and intangible assets. Commitments and Contingencies Commitments. We made rental payments for real estate, vehicles, and office, computer, and manufacturing equipment under operating leases of $23 , $26 , and $28 during 2017 , 2018 , and 2019 , respectively. We have commitments related to minimum lease payments of $23 in 2020 , $16 in 2021 , $10 in 2022 , $5 in 2023 , $3 in 2024 , and $2 after 2024 . We have contracted with various growers and wineries to supply some of our future grape and bulk wine requirements. Many of these contracts call for prices to be adjusted annually up or down, according to market conditions. Some contracts set a fixed purchase price that might be higher or lower than prevailing market prices. We have total purchase obligations related to both types of contracts of $12 in 2020 , $6 in 2021 , $4 in 2022 , $1 in 2023 , $0 in 2024 , and $1 after 2024 . We also have contracts for the purchase of agave, which is used to produce tequila. These contracts provide for prices to be determined based on market conditions at the time of harvest, which, although not specified, is expected to occur over the next 10 years. As of April30, 2019 , based on current market prices, obligations under these contracts total $25 . Contingencies. We operate in a litigious environment, and we are sued in the normal course of business. Sometimes plaintiffs seek substantial damages. Significant judgment is required in predicting the outcome of these suits and claims, many of which take years to adjudicate. We accrue estimated costs for a contingency when we believe that a loss is probable and we can make a reasonable estimate of the loss, and then adjust the accrual as appropriate to reflect changes in facts and circumstances. We do not believe it is reasonably possible that these existing loss contingencies, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. No material accrued loss contingencies are recorded as of April30, 2019 . Guaranty. We have guaranteed the repayment by a third-party importer of its obligation under a bank credit facility that it uses in connection with its importation of our products in Russia. If the importer were to default on that obligation, which we believe is unlikely, our maximum possible exposure under the existing terms of the guaranty would be approximately $10 (subject to changes in foreign currency exchange rates). Both the fair value and carrying amount of the guaranty are insignificant. As of April30, 2019 , our actual exposure under the guaranty of the importer’s obligation is approximately $4 . We also have accounts receivable from that importer of approximately $5 at that date, which we expect to collect in full. Based on the financial support we provide to the importer, we believe it meets the definition of a variable interest entity. However, because we do not control this entity, it is not included in our consolidated financial statements. The entire disclosure for commitments, contingencies, and guarantees. The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Common Stock [Abstract] Common Stock [Text Block] Net Sales The following table shows our net sales by geography: 1 Represents net sales of branded products to “advanced economies” as defined by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), excluding the United States. Our largest developed international markets are the United Kingdom, Australia, Germany, France, and Japan. 2 Represents net sales of branded products to “emerging and developing economies” as defined by the IMF. Our largest emerging markets are Mexico, Poland, Russia, and Brazil. 3 Represents net sales of branded products to global duty-free customers, other travel retail customers, and the U.S. military regardless of customer location. 4 Includes net sales of used barrels, bulk whiskey and wine, and contract bottling regardless of customer location. The following table shows our net sales by product category: 1 Includes all whiskey spirits and whiskey-based flavored liqueurs, ready-to-drink, and ready-to-pour products. The brands included in this category are the Jack Daniel's family of brands, Woodford Reserve, Canadian Mist, GlenDronach, BenRiach, Glenglassaugh, Old Forester, Early Times, Slane Irish Whiskey, and Coopers' Craft. 2 Includes el Jimador, Herradura, New Mix, Pepe Lopez, and Antiguo. 3 Includes Finlandia. 4 Includes Korbel Champagne and Sonoma-Cutrer wines. 5 Includes net sales of used barrels, bulk whiskey and wine, and contract bottling regardless of customer location. Net Sales [Abstract] The entire disclosure of revenue from contract with customer to transfer good or service and to transfer nonfinancial asset. Includes, but is not limited to, disaggregation of revenue, credit loss recognized from contract with customer, judgment and change in judgment related to contract with customer, and asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer. Excludes insurance and lease contracts. Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits We sponsor various defined benefit pension plans as well as postretirement plans providing retiree health care and retiree life insurance benefits. Below, we discuss our obligations related to these plans, the assets dedicated to meeting the obligations, and the amounts we recognized in our financial statements as a result of sponsoring these plans. Obligations. We provide eligible employees with pension and other postretirement benefits based on factors such as years of service and compensation level during employment. The pension obligation shown below (“projected benefit obligation”) consists of: (a)benefits earned by employees to date based on current salary levels (“accumulated benefit obligation”); and (b)benefits to be received by employees as a result of expected future salary increases. (The obligation for medical and life insurance benefits is not affected by future salary increases.) The following table shows how the present value of our projected benefit obligations changed during each of the last two years. Service cost represents the present value of the benefits attributed to service rendered by employees during the year. Interest cost is the increase in the present value of the obligation due to the passage of time. Net actuarial loss (gain) is the change in value of the obligation resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption. (We discuss actuarial assumptions used at the end of this note.) Plan amendments may also change the value of the obligation. As shown in the previous table, the change in the value of our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations also includes the effect of benefit payments and retiree contributions. Expected benefit payments (net of retiree contributions) over the next 10 years are as follows: Assets. We invest in specific assets to fund our pension benefit obligations. Our investment goal is to earn a total return that, over time, will grow assets sufficiently to fund our plans’ liabilities, after providing appropriate levels of contributions and accepting prudent levels of investment risk. To achieve this goal, plan assets are invested primarily in funds or portfolios of funds managed by outside managers. Investment risk is managed by company policies that require diversification of asset classes, manager styles, and individual holdings. We measure and monitor investment risk through quarterly and annual performance reviews, and through periodic asset/liability studies. Asset allocation is the most important method for achieving our investment goals and is based on our assessment of the plans’ long-term return objectives and the appropriate balances needed for liquidity, stability, and diversification. As of April 30, 2019, our target asset allocation is a mix of 40% public equity investments, 47% fixed income investments, and 13% alternative investments. The following table shows the fair value of pension plan assets by category as of the end of the last two years. (Fair value levels are defined in Note 15.) Level1 Level2 Level3 Total April30, 2018 Equity securities $ 89 $ — $ — $ 89 Cash and temporary investments — — — — Limited partnership interest 1 — — 4 4 $ 89 $ — $ 4 93 Investments measured at net asset value: Commingled trust funds 2 : Equity funds 226 Fixed income funds 362 Real estate funds 66 Short-term investments 5 Limited partnership interests 3 27 Hedge funds 4 1 Total $ 780 April 30, 2019 Equity securities $ 79 $ — $ — $ 79 Cash and temporary investments 29 — — 29 Limited partnership interest 1 — — 3 3 $ 108 $ — $ 3 111 Investments measured at net asset value: Commingled trust funds 2 : Equity funds 157 Fixed income funds 370 Real estate funds 66 Short-term investments 23 Limited partnership interests 3 27 Hedge funds 4 — Total $ 754 1 This limited partnership interest was initially valued at cost and has been adjusted to fair value as determined in good faith by management of the partnership using various factors, and does not meet the requirements for reporting at the net asset value (NAV). The valuation requires significant judgment due to the absence of quoted market prices, the inherent lack of liquidity, and the long-term nature of the investment. This limited partnership has a term expiring in 2020, although this period may be extended. 2 Commingled trust fund valuations are based on the NAV of the funds as determined by the fund administrators and reviewed by us. NAV represents the underlying assets owned by the fund, minus liabilities and divided by the number of shares or units outstanding. Generally, for commingled trust funds other than real estate, redemptions are permitted daily with no notice period. The real estate fund is redeemable quarterly with 110 days’ notice. 3 These limited partnership interests were initially valued at cost and have been adjusted using NAV per audited financial statements. Investments are generally not eligible for immediate redemption and have original terms averaging 10 to 13 years, although those periods may be extended. 4 Hedge fund valuations are based primarily on the NAV of the funds as determined by fund administrators and reviewed by us. During our review, we determine whether it is necessary to adjust a valuation for inherent liquidity and redemption issues that may exist within a fund’s underlying assets or fund unit values. The following table shows how the fair value of the Level 3 assets changed during each of the last two years. There were no transfers of assets between Level 3 and either of the other two levels. The following table shows how the total fair value of all pension plan assets changed during each of the last two years. (We do not have assets set aside for postretirement medical or life insurance benefits.) We currently expect to contribute $21 to our pension plans and $4 to our postretirement medical and life insurance benefit plans during 2020 . Funded status. The funded status of a plan refers to the difference between its assets and its obligations. The following table shows the funded status of our plans. The funded status is recorded on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as follows: The following table compares our pension plans whose assets exceed their accumulated benefit obligations with those whose obligations exceed their assets. (As noted above, we have no assets set aside for postretirement medical or life insurance benefits.) Pension cost. The following table shows the components of the pension cost recognized during each of the last three years. The amount for each year includes amortization of the prior service cost/credit and net actuarial loss/gain included in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of the beginning of the year. The prior service cost/credit, which represents the effect of plan amendments on benefit obligations, is amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of the employees expected to receive the benefits. The net actuarial loss/gain results from experience different from that assumed or from a change in actuarial assumptions (including the difference between actual and expected return on plan assets), and is amortized over at least that same period. The estimated amount of prior service cost and net actuarial loss that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into pension cost in 2020 is $1 and $19 , respectively. Other postretirement benefits cost. The following table shows the components of the postretirement medical and life insurance benefits cost that we recognized during each of the last three years. The estimated amount of prior service credit and net actuarial loss that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into postretirement medical and life insurance benefits cost in 2020 is $3 and $1 , respectively. Other comprehensive income (loss). Prior service cost/credit and net actuarial loss/gain are recognized in other comprehensive income or loss (OCI) during the period in which they arise. These amounts are later amortized from accumulated OCI into pension and other postretirement benefit cost over future periods as described above. The following table shows the pre-tax effect of these amounts on OCI during each of the last three years. Assumptions and sensitivity. We use various assumptions to determine the obligations and cost related to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. The weighted-average assumptions used in computing benefit plan obligations as of the end of the last two years were as follows: The weighted-average assumptions used in computing benefit plan cost during each of the last three years were as follows: The assumed discount rates are determined using a yield curve based on the interest rates of high-quality debt securities with maturities corresponding to the expected timing of our benefit payments. Beginning in fiscal 2018, we changed the method used to estimate the service cost and interest cost for these benefit plans. The new estimation approach discounts the individual expected cash flows underlying the service cost and interest cost using the applicable spot rates derived from the yield curve used to discount the cash flows used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. Previously, we estimated these service and interest cost components using a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. We believe the new approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows and the corresponding spot yield curve rates. The assumed rate of salary increase reflects the expected average annual increase in salaries as a result of inflation, merit increases, and promotions over the service period of the plan participants. The expected return on plan assets represents the long-term rate of return that we assume will be earned over the life of the pension assets. The assumption reflects expected capital market returns for each asset class, which are based on historical returns, adjusted for the expected effects of diversification and active management (net of fees). The assumed health care cost trend rates as of the end of the last two years were as follows: A one percentage point change in the assumed health care cost trend rate would not have significantly changed the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of April30, 2019 , or the aggregate service and interest costs for 2019 . Savings plans. We also sponsor various defined contribution benefit plans that together cover substantially all U.S. employees. Employees can make voluntary contributions in accordance with their respective plans, which include a 401(k) tax deferral option. We match a percentage of each employee’s contributions in accordance with plan terms. We expensed $11 , $12 , and $12 for matching contributions during 2017 , 2018 , and 2019 , respectively. International plans. The information presented above for defined benefit plans and defined contribution benefit plans reflects amounts for U.S. plans only. Information about similar international plans is not presented due to immateriality. The entire disclosure for pension and other postretirement benefits. Stock-Based Compensation The Brown-Forman 2013 Omnibus Compensation Plan is our incentive compensation plan, designed to reward participants (including eligible officers, employees, and non-employee directors) for company performance. Under the Plan, we can grant stock-based incentive awards for up to 20,750,000 shares of common stock to eligible participants until July28, 2023. As of April30, 2019, awards for approximately 14,141,000 shares remain available for issuance under the Plan. We try to limit the source of shares delivered to participants under the Plan to treasury shares that we purchase from time to time on the open market (in connection with a publicly announced share repurchase program), in private transactions, or otherwise. Awards granted under the Plan include stock-settled stock appreciation rights (SSARs), restricted stock units (RSUs), and deferred stock units (DSUs). SSARs. We grant SSARs at an exercise price equal to the closing market price of the underlying stock on the grant date. SSARs become exercisable after three years from the first day of the fiscal year of grant and generally are exercisable for seven years after that date. The following table presents information about SSARs outstanding as of April30, 2019, and for the year then ended. We use the Black-Scholes pricing model to calculate the grant-date fair value of a SSAR. The weighted-average grant-date fair values and related valuation assumptions for the SSARS granted during each of the last three years were as follows: The expected term is based on past exercise experience for similar awards. The risk-free interest rate is based on zero-coupon U.S. Treasury rates as of the date of grant. Expected volatility and dividend yield are based on historical data, with consideration of other factors when applicable. RSUs. RSUs consist predominantly of performance-based RSUs that vest at the end of a three-year performance period that begins on the first day of the fiscal year of grant. Performance is measured based on the relative ranking of the total shareholder return of our Class B common stock during the three-year performance period compared to that of the companies within the Standard & Poor’s Consumer Staples Index at the end of the performance period, with specific payout levels ranging from 50% to 150%. At the end of the performance period, the RSUs are converted to common shares that are subject to an additional one-year holding requirement. The number of shares is determined by adjusting the RSUs by the performance multiplier and adjusting upward to account for dividends paid on our common stock during the second and third years of the performance period. The following table presents information about RSUs outstanding as of April30, 2019, and for the year then ended. We calculate the grant-date fair value of a performance based RSU using a Monte Carlo simulation technique. The weighted average grant-date fair values and related valuation assumptions for these awards granted during each of the last three years were as follows: DSUs. DSUs are granted to our non-employee directors. Each DSU represents the right to receive one share of common stock based on the closing price of the shares on the date of grant. Outstanding DSUs are credited with dividend-equivalent DSUs when dividends are paid on our common stock. Each annual grant vests after one year. DSUs are paid out in shares after the completion of a director’s tenure on the board plus a six-month waiting period. The director may elect to receive the distribution either in a single lump sum or in ten equal annual installments. As of April 30, 2019, there were approximately 216,000 outstanding DSUs, of which approximately 193,000 were vested. The grant-date fair value of a DSU is the closing market price of the underlying stock on the grant date. The weighted average grant-date fair values for these awards granted during each of the last three years were as follows: Additional information. The pre-tax stock-based compensation expense and related deferred income tax benefits recognized during the last three fiscal years were as follows: As of April30, 2019, there was $5 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.6 years . Further information related to our stock-based awards for the last three years is as follows: 1 The fair value of shares vested in fiscal 2019 includes $10 related to a one-time performance-based special grant of restricted stock issued in fiscal 2014 to our Chief Executive Officer (who retired in fiscal 2019). During the performance period, dividends accrued and the award was adjusted for all applicable stock splits during the vesting period, subject to the same performance measures as the initial grant. The resulting shares vested on June 1, 2018. The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation, which may include disclosure of policies, compensation plan details, allocation of equity compensation, incentive distributions, equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services, deferred compensation arrangements, employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details. Income Taxes We incur income taxes on the earnings of our U.S. and foreign operations. The following table, based on the locations of the taxable entities from which sales were derived (rather than the location of customers), presents the U.S. and foreign components of our income before income taxes: The income shown above was determined according to GAAP. Because those standards sometimes differ from the tax rules used to calculate taxable income, there are differences between: (a)the amount of taxable income and pretax financial income for a year and (b)the tax bases of assets or liabilities and their amounts as recorded in our financial statements. As a result, we recognize a current tax liability for the estimated income tax payable on the current tax return, and deferred tax liabilities (income tax payable on income that will be recognized on future tax returns) and deferred tax assets (income tax refunds from deductions that will be recognized on future tax returns) for the estimated effects of the differences mentioned above. Total income tax expense for a year includes the tax associated with the current tax return (current tax expense) and the change in the net deferred tax asset or liability (deferred tax expense). Our total income tax expense for each of the last three years was as follows: On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). The Tax Act significantly revised the future, ongoing U.S. corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates and implementing a territorial tax system. Because we have an April 30 fiscal year-end, the lower corporate income tax rate was phased in, resulting in a U.S. statutory federal rate of 30.4% for our fiscal year ended April 30, 2018, and 21% for fiscal 2019 and subsequent fiscal years. For the year ended April 30, 2019, the reduction of the U.S. statutory federal rate from 35% (the pre-Tax Act rate) to 21% resulted in a tax benefit of $115 . There were also certain transitional impacts of the Tax Act. As part of the transition to the new territorial tax system, the Tax Act imposed a one-time repatriation tax on deemed repatriation of historical earnings of foreign subsidiaries. In addition, we adjusted our U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities to the lower federal base rate of 21% . These transitional impacts resulted in a provisional net charge of $43 for the year ended April 30, 2018, composed of a provisional repatriation U.S. tax charge of $91 and a provisional net deferred tax benefit of $48 . In the fiscal year ended April 30, 2019, we recorded a benefit of $4 as an adjustment to the provisional repatriation tax. The changes included in the Tax Act are broad and complex. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission issued rules that allowed for a measurement period of up to one year after the enactment date of the Tax Act to finalize the recording of the related tax impacts. As of April 30, 2019, the amounts recorded for the Tax Act for the one-time repatriation tax and the adjustment to our U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities have been finalized and are no longer deemed to be provisional. The Tax Act also established new tax provisions that impact our financial statements beginning in fiscal 2019. These new provisions include (a) Global Intangible Low-Tax Income (GILTI), a new inclusion rule affecting non-routine income earned by foreign subsidiaries; (b) Base Erosion Anti-Abuse Tax (BEAT), a new minimum tax; (c) Foreign-Derived Intangible Income (FDII), a new preferential tax rate for domestic income earned from serving foreign markets; (d) repeal of the domestic production activity deduction; and (e) limitations on the deductibility of certain executive compensation. For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2019, the net impact of these provisions was $12 of additional tax. As noted, certain income earned by foreign subsidiaries must be included in U.S. taxable income under the GILTI provisions. The FASB allows an accounting policy election to recognize deferred taxes for temporary differences expected to reverse as GILTI either in future years (deferred method) or as a current period expense when incurred (period cost method). We have elected to account for GILTI using the period cost method. As of April 30, 2019, we had approximately $1,266 of undistributed earnings from our foreign subsidiaries ( $1,270 at April 30, 2018). Most of these earnings have been previously subject to tax, primarily as a result of the one-time repatriation tax on foreign earnings required by the Tax Act. Historically, we have asserted that the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are reinvested indefinitely outside the United States. During fiscal 2019, we changed our indefinite reinvestment assertion with respect to current year earnings and prior year undistributed earnings for one of those foreign subsidiaries (but not for its other outside basis differences) and repatriated $120 of cash to the United States from this subsidiary. No incremental taxes were due on this distribution of cash beyond the repatriation tax recorded in fiscal year 2018.In addition, we changed our indefinite reinvestment assertion with respect to current year earnings and prior year undistributed earnings for additional select foreign subsidiaries (but not other outside basis differences). Although these earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested and may now be distributed within our foreign entity structure, they remain indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. No deferred taxes have been recorded, because any applicable income taxes would be insignificant and no withholding taxes would be due on their distribution. We have not changed the indefinite reinvestment assertion on the undistributed earnings or other outside basis differences of any of our other remaining foreign subsidiaries, and no deferred taxes have been provided. If the undistributed earnings were not considered permanently reinvested, deferred tax liabilities would have been provided for any applicable income taxes and withholding taxes payable in various countries, which would not be significant. A determination of the unrecognized deferred tax liabilities on the other outside basis differences reinvested indefinitely at April 30, 2019, is not practicable due to the complexities in the calculations. The other outside basis differences are primarily related to differences between U.S. GAAP and tax basis that arose through purchase accounting. These basis differences could reverse through sales of foreign subsidiaries or other transactions, none of which are considered probable as of April 30, 2019. Our consolidated effective tax rate usually differs from current statutory rates due to the recognition of amounts for events or transactions with no tax consequences. The following table reconciles our effective tax rate to the federal statutory tax rate in the United States: Deferred tax assets and liabilities as of the end of each of the last two years were as follows: Details of the loss and credit carryforwards and related valuation allowances as of the end of each of the last two years are as follows: 1 As of April 30, 2019, the net deferred tax asset amount includes credit carryforwards of $2 that do not expire and loss and credit carryforwards of $4 that expire in varying amounts from 2023 to 2039. 2 As of April 30, 2019, the gross amount includes loss carryforwards of $32 that do not expire and $22 that expire in varying amounts over the next 10 years. Although the losses in Brazil can be carried forward indefinitely, it is uncertain whether we will realize sufficient taxable income to allow us to use these losses. The non-trading losses in the United Kingdom can also be carried forward indefinitely. However, we know of no significant transactions that will let us use them. During fiscal 2014, we deferred a tax benefit of $95 that resulted primarily from the release of certain deferred tax liabilities in connection with an intercompany transfer of assets, composed primarily of an intangible asset. We amortized the deferred benefit to tax expense over approximately six years for financial reporting purposes, in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) 740-10-25-3(e) (Income Taxes) and ASC 810-45-8 (Consolidation), resulting in a cumulative tax benefit of $68 through April 30, 2018. The remaining balance of the deferred benefit, which is included in “other liabilities” on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of April 30, 2018, was $27 . As discussed in Note 2, revised accounting guidance (ASU 2016-16) requires the recognition of income tax consequences of intercompany transfers of assets other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Our adoption of this revised guidance resulted in this balance being recognized as an increase in retained earnings rather than as a reduction in income tax expense. At April30, 2019, we had $11 of gross unrecognized tax benefits, $9 of which would reduce our effective income tax rate if recognized. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending unrecognized tax benefits follows: 2017 2018 2019 Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year $ 9 $ 9 $ 11 Additions for tax positions provided in prior periods 2 5 1 Additions for tax positions provided in current period — 1 1 Decreases for tax positions provided in prior years (2 ) (4 ) (2 ) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year $ 9 $ 11 $ 11 We file income tax returns in the United States, including several state and local jurisdictions, as well as in several other countries in which we conduct business. The major jurisdictions and their earliest fiscal years that are currently open for tax examinations are 2014 for one state in the United States; 2017 in the United Kingdom; 2015 in Australia; 2014 in Finland, Germany, Poland, and the Netherlands; and 2013 in Brazil and Mexico. The audit of our fiscal 2017 U.S. federal tax return was concluded in the second quarter of fiscal 2019; we expect the audit of the fiscal 2018 U.S. federal tax return to be concluded in the first half of fiscal 2020. In addition, we are participating in the Internal Revenue Service’s Compliance Assurance Program for our fiscal 2019 tax year. We believe there will be no material change in our gross unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information. Acquisition of Business On June 1, 2016, we acquired The BenRiach Distillery Company Limited (BenRiach) for aggregate consideration of $407 , consisting of a purchase price of $341 and $66 in assumed debt and transaction-related obligations that we have since paid. The acquisition, which brought three single malt Scotch whisky brands into our portfolio, included brand trademarks, inventories, three malt distilleries, a bottling plant, and BenRiach’s headquarters in Edinburgh, Scotland. The purchase price of $341 included cash of $307 paid at the acquisition date for 90% of the voting interests in BenRiach and a liability of $34 related to a put and call option agreement for the remaining 10% equity shares. Under that agreement, we could choose (or be required) to purchase the remaining 10% for £24 ( $34 at the exchange rate on June 1, 2016) during the one-year period ending November 14, 2017. The purchase price of $341 was allocated based on management’s estimates and independent appraisals as follows: Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. The goodwill resulting from this acquisition is primarily attributable to: (a) the value of leveraging our distribution network and brand-building expertise to grow global sales of the existing single malt Scotch whisky brands acquired, (b) the valuable opportunity to develop new products and line extensions in the especially attractive premium Scotch whisky category, and (c) the accumulated knowledge and expertise of the organized workforce employed by the acquired business. None of the goodwill amount of $183 is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. On November 17, 2016, we purchased the remaining 10% interest in BenRiach for cash of £24 ( $30 at the exchange rate on that date) by exercising the call option described above. That cash payment is classified as a financing activity in the accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows. BenRiach’s results of operations have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the acquisition date. Actual and pro forma results are not presented due to immateriality. Acquisition of Business [Abstract] The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period, including background, timing, and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable). Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities Our multinational business exposes us to global market risks, including the effect of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates. We use derivatives to help manage financial exposures that occur in the normal course of business. We formally document the purpose of each derivative contract, which includes linking the contract to the financial exposure it is designed to mitigate. We do not hold or issue derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. We use currency derivative contracts to limit our exposure to the currency exchange risk that we cannot mitigate internally by using netting strategies. We designate most of these contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted transactions (expected to occur within three years). We record all changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges (except any ineffective portion) in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) until the underlying hedged transaction occurs, at which time we reclassify that amount into earnings. We assess the effectiveness of these hedges based on changes in forward exchange rates. The ineffective portion of the changes in fair value of our hedges (recognized immediately in earnings) during the periods presented in this report was not material. We had outstanding currency derivatives, related primarily to our euro, British pound, and Australian dollar exposures, with notional amounts totaling $1,098 and $1,241 at April30, 2018 and 2019 , respectively. We also use foreign currency-denominated debt to help manage our currency exchange risk. The amount of foreign currency-denominated debt designated as net investment hedges was $633 and $635 as of April 30, 2018 and 2019 , respectively. These net investment hedges are intended to mitigate foreign exchange exposure related to non-U.S. dollar net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries. Any change in value of the designated portion of the hedging instruments is recorded in AOCI, offsetting the foreign currency translation adjustment of the related net investments that is also recorded in AOCI. There was no ineffectiveness related to our net investment hedges in any of the periods presented in these financial statements. We do not designate some of our currency derivatives and foreign currency-denominated debt as hedges because we use them to at least partially offset the immediate earnings impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on existing assets or liabilities. We immediately recognize the change in fair value of these instruments in earnings. We use forward purchase contracts with suppliers to protect against corn price volatility.We expect to physically take delivery of the corn underlying each contract and use it for production over a reasonable period of time.Accordingly, we account for these contracts as normal purchases rather than as derivative instruments. The following table presents the pre-tax impact that changes in the fair value of our derivative instruments and non-derivative hedging instruments had on AOCI and earnings during each of the last three years: Classification in Statement of Operations 2017 2018 2019 Derivative Instruments Currency derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Net gain (loss) recognized in AOCI n/a $ 41 $ (54 ) $ 69 Net gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings Sales 40 (11 ) 6 Currency derivatives designated as net investment hedge: Net gain (loss) recognized in AOCI n/a 8 — — Currency derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Net gain (loss) recognized in earnings Sales 2 (5 ) 6 Net gain (loss) recognized in earnings Otherincome (5 ) 9 6 Non-Derivative Hedging Instruments Foreign currency-denominated debt designated as net investment hedge: Net gain (loss) recognized in AOCI n/a 2 (41 ) 45 Foreign currency-denominated debt not designated as hedging instrument: Net gain (loss) recognized in earnings Other income 3 (21 ) 9 We expect to reclassify $15 of deferred net gains on cash flow hedges recorded in AOCI as of April30, 2019 , to earnings during fiscal 2020 . This reclassification would offset the anticipated earnings impact of the underlying hedged exposures. The actual amounts that we ultimately reclassify to earnings will depend on the exchange rates in effect when the underlying hedged transactions occur. The maximum term of outstanding derivative contracts was 36 months at both April30, 2018 and 2019 . The following table presents the fair values of our derivative instruments as of April30, 2018 and 2019 : Balance Sheet Classification FairValueof Derivativesina Gain Position FairValueof Derivativesina Loss Position April30, 2018 Designated as cash flow hedges: Currency derivatives Other current assets $ 2 $ (2 ) Currency derivatives Other assets 1 — Currency derivatives Accruedexpenses 4 (23 ) Currency derivatives Other liabilities 2 (18 ) Not designated as hedges: Currency derivatives Accrued expenses 1 (5 ) April30, 2019 Designated as cash flow hedges: Currency derivatives Other current assets 21 (2 ) Currency derivatives Other assets 22 (1 ) Currency derivatives Accrued expenses — (5 ) Currency derivatives Other liabilities — (1 ) Not designated as hedges: Currency derivatives Accrued expenses — — The fair values reflected in the above table are presented on a gross basis. However, as discussed further below, the fair values of those instruments subject to net settlement agreements are presented on a net basis in our balance sheets. In our statements of cash flows, we classify cash flows related to cash flow hedges in the same category as the cash flows from the hedged items. Credit risk. We are exposed to credit-related losses if the counterparties to our derivative contracts default.This credit risk is limited to the fair value of the contracts.To manage this risk, we contract only with major financial institutions that have earned investment-grade credit ratings and with whom we have standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) agreements that allow for net settlement of the derivative contracts. Also, we have established counterparty credit guidelines that we monitor regularly, and we monetize contracts when we believe it is warranted.Because of these safeguards, we believe we have no derivative positions that warrant credit valuation adjustments. Some of our derivative instruments require us to maintain a specific level of creditworthiness, which we have maintained. If our creditworthiness were to fall below that level, then the counterparties to our derivative instruments could request immediate payment or collateralization for derivative instruments in net liability positions. The aggregate fair value of all derivatives with creditworthiness requirements that were in a net liability position was $38 and $6 at April30, 2018 and 2019 , respectively. Offsetting. As noted above, our derivative contracts are governed by ISDA agreements that allow for net settlement of derivative contracts with the same counterparty. It is our policy to present the fair values of current derivatives (that is, those with a remaining term of 12 months or less) with the same counterparty on a net basis in our balance sheets. Similarly, we present the fair values of noncurrent derivatives with the same counterparty on a net basis. We do not net current derivatives with noncurrent derivatives in our balance sheets. The following table summarizes the gross and net amounts of our derivative contracts: Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets (Liabilities) Gross Amounts Offset in Balance Sheet Net Amounts Presented in Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Not Offset in Balance Sheet Net Amounts April30, 2018 Derivative assets $ 10 $ (9 ) $ 1 $ (1 ) $ — Derivative liabilities (48 ) 9 (39 ) 1 (38 ) April30, 2019 Derivative assets 43 (3 ) 40 — 40 Derivative liabilities (9 ) 3 (6 ) — (6 ) No cash collateral was received or pledged related to our derivative contracts as of April30, 2018 or 2019 . The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including, but not limited to, risk management strategies, non-hedging derivative instruments, assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts. Fair Value Measurements The following table summarizes the assets and liabilities measured or disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis: Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We categorize the fair values of assets and liabilities into three levels based upon the assumptions (inputs) used to determine those values. Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value, while Level 3 generally requires significant management judgment. The three levels are: • Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. • Level 2 – Observable inputs other than those included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be derived from or corroborated by observable market data. • Level 3 – Unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity. We determine the fair values of our currency derivatives (forward contracts) using standard valuation models. The significant inputs used in these models, which are readily available in public markets or can be derived from observable market transactions, include the applicable spot exchange rates, forward exchange rates, and interest rates. These fair value measurements are categorized as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. We determine the fair value of long-term debt primarily based on the prices at which identical or similar debt has recently traded in the market and also considering the overall market conditions on the date of valuation. These fair value measurements are categorized as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. The fair values of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term borrowings approximate the carrying amounts due to the short maturities of these instruments. We measure some assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. That is, we do not measure them at fair value on an ongoing basis, but we do adjust them to fair value in some circumstances (for example, when we determine that an asset is impaired). No material nonrecurring fair value measurements were required during the periods presented in these financial statements. The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined), including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively, as defined), and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments, assets, and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value, disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including, carrying amount, effective interest rate, and maturity, and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity, region, or economic characteristics identifying a concentration, (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item, (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security, and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election, (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings, (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet, the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information. Other Comprehensive Income The following table presents the components of net other comprehensive income (loss) during each of the last three years: Pre-Tax Tax Net Year Ended April 30, 2017 Currency translation adjustments: Net gain (loss) on currency translation $ (71 ) $ (4 ) $ (75 ) Reclassification to earnings 3 (1 ) 2 Other comprehensive income (loss), net (68 ) (5 ) (73 ) Cash flow hedge adjustments: Net gain (loss) on hedging instruments 41 (17 ) 24 Reclassification to earnings 1 (40 ) 16 (24 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net 1 (1 ) — Postretirement benefits adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost 28 (10 ) 18 Reclassification to earnings 2 25 (10 ) 15 Other comprehensive income (loss), net 53 (20 ) 33 Total other comprehensive income (loss), net $ (14 ) $ (26 ) $ (40 ) Year Ended April 30, 2018 Currency translation adjustments: Net gain (loss) on currency translation $ 12 $ 12 $ 24 Reclassification to earnings — — — Other comprehensive income (loss), net 12 12 24 Cash flow hedge adjustments: Net gain (loss) on hedging instruments (54 ) 18 (36 ) Reclassification to earnings 1 11 (3 ) 8 Other comprehensive income (loss), net (43 ) 15 (28 ) Postretirement benefits adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost 5 (2 ) 3 Reclassification to earnings 2 20 (7 ) 13 Other comprehensive income (loss), net 25 (9 ) 16 Total other comprehensive income (loss), net $ (6 ) $ 18 $ 12 Year Ended April 30, 2019 Currency translation adjustments: Net gain (loss) on currency translation $ (16 ) $ (11 ) $ (27 ) Reclassification to earnings — — — Other comprehensive income (loss), net (16 ) (11 ) (27 ) Cash flow hedge adjustments: Net gain (loss) on hedging instruments 69 (16 ) 53 Reclassification to earnings 1 (6 ) 1 (5 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net 63 (15 ) 48 Postretirement benefits adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost (41 ) 10 (31 ) Reclassification to earnings 2 33 (8 ) 25 Other comprehensive income (loss), net (8 ) 2 (6 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net $ 39 $ (24 ) $ 15 1 Pre-tax amount is classified as sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 2 Pre-tax amount is classified as non-operating postretirement expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The entire disclosure for comprehensive income, which includes, but is not limited to, 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income, including reclassification adjustments, 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income. The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue, including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments. Schedule II–Valuation and Qualifying Accounts For the Years Ended April30, 2017 , 2018 , and 2019 (Expressed in millions) Col. A Col. B Col. C(1) Col. C(2) Col. D Col. E Description Balanceat Beginning of Period Additions Chargedto Costs and Expenses Additions Chargedto Other Accounts Deductions Balance at End ofPeriod 2017 Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 9 $ — $ — $ 2 (1) $ 7 Deferred tax valuation allowance $ 25 $ 5 $ 2 $ 2 $ 30 2018 Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 7 $ — $ — $ — $ 7 Deferred tax valuation allowance $ 30 $ 3 $ 1 $ 5 $ 29 2019 Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 7 $ 1 $ — $ 1 (1) $ 7 Deferred tax valuation allowance $ 29 $ 1 $ 1 $ 6 $ 25 (1) Doubtful accounts written off, net of recoveries. The entire disclosure for valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves. Principles of consolidation. Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial interest. We eliminate all intercompany transactions. Estimates. To prepare financial statements that conform with GAAP, our management must make informed estimates that affect how we report revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities, including contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include bank demand deposits and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Allowance for doubtful accounts. We evaluate the collectability of accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. When we are aware of circumstances that may impair a specific customer’s ability to meet its financial obligations, we record a specific allowance to reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount we believe will be collected. We write off the uncollectable amount against the allowance when we have exhausted our collection efforts. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $7 as of both April 30, 2018 and 2019. Inventories. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Approximately 52% of our consolidated inventories are valued using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) cost method, which we use for the majority of our U.S. inventories. We value the remainder of our inventories primarily using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) cost method. FIFO cost approximates current replacement cost. If we had used the FIFO method for all inventories, they would have been $290 and $303 higher than reported at April30, 2018 and 2019 , respectively. Because we age most of our whiskeys in barrels for three to six years, we bottle and sell only a portion of our whiskey inventory each year. Following industry practice, we classify all barreled whiskey as a current asset. We include warehousing, insurance, ad valorem taxes, and other carrying charges applicable to barreled whiskey in inventory costs. We classify bulk wine, agave inventories, tequila, and liquid in bottling tanks as work in process. Property, plant, and equipment. We state property, plant, and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation. We calculate depreciation on a straight-line basis using our estimates of useful life, which are 20 – 40 years for buildings and improvements; 3 – 10 years for machinery, equipment, vehicles, furniture, and fixtures; and 3 – 7 years for capitalized software. We assess our property, plant, and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. When we do not expect to recover the carrying value of an asset (or asset group) through undiscounted future cash flows, we write it down to its estimated fair value. We determine fair value using discounted estimated future cash flows, considering market values for similar assets when available. When we retire or dispose of property, plant, and equipment, we remove its cost and accumulated depreciation from our balance sheet and reflect any gain or loss in operating income. We expense the costs of repairing and maintaining our property, plant, and equipment as we incur them. Goodwill and other intangible assets. We have obtained most of our brands by acquiring other companies. When we acquire another company, we first allocate the purchase price to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible brand names and trademarks (“brand names”), based on estimated fair value. We then record any remaining purchase price as goodwill. We do not amortize goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite lives. We consider all of our brand names to have indefinite lives. We assess our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually. Goodwill is impaired when the carrying amount of the related reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, in which case we write down the goodwill by the amount of the excess (limited to the carrying amount of the goodwill). We estimate the reporting unit’s fair value using discounted estimated future cash flows or market information. Similarly, a brand name is impaired when its carrying amount exceeds its estimated fair value, in which case we write down the brand name to its estimated fair value. We typically estimate the fair value of a brand name using either the “relief from royalty” or “excess earnings” method. We also consider market values for similar assets when available. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value, including the selection of assumptions about future cash flows, discount rates, and royalty rates. We have the option, before quantifying the fair value of a reporting unit or brand name, to evaluate qualitative factors to assess whether it is more likely than not that our goodwill or brand names are impaired. If we determine that is not the case, then we are not required to quantify the fair value. That assessment also takes considerable management judgment. Revenue recognition. Our net sales predominantly reflect global sales of beverage alcohol consumer products. We sell these products under contracts with different types of customers, depending on the market. The customer is most often a distributor, wholesaler, or retailer. Each contract typically includes a single performance obligation to transfer control of the products to the customer. Depending on the contract, control is transferred when the products are either shipped or delivered to the customer, at which point we recognize the transaction price for those products as net sales. The transaction price recognized at that point reflects our estimate of the consideration to be received in exchange for the products. The actual amount may ultimately differ due to the effect of various customer incentives and trade promotion activities. In making our estimates, we consider our historical experience and current expectations, as applicable. Subsequent adjustments recognized for changes in estimated transaction prices are typically not material. Net sales exclude taxes we collect from customers that are imposed by various governments on our sales, and are reduced by payments to customers unless made in exchange for distinct goods or services with fair values approximating the payments. Net sales include any amounts we bill customers for shipping and handling activities related to the products. We recognize the cost of those activities in cost of sales during the same period in which we recognize the related net sales. Sales returns, which are permitted only in limited situations, are not material. Customer payment terms generally range from 30 to 90 days. There are no significant amounts of contract assets or liabilities. Cost of sales. Cost of sales includes the costs of receiving, producing, inspecting, warehousing, insuring, and shipping goods sold during the period. Advertising costs. We expense the costs of advertising during the year when the advertisements first take place. Selling, general, and administrative expenses. Selling, general, and administrative expenses include the costs associated with our sales force, administrative staff and facilities, and other expenses related to our non-manufacturing functions. Stock-based compensation. We use stock-based awards as part of our incentive compensation for eligible employees and directors. We recognize the grant-date fair value of an award as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which typically corresponds to the vesting period for the award. Upon forfeiture of an award prior to vesting, we reverse any previously-recognized compensation expense related to that award. We classify stock-based compensation expense within selling, general, and administrative expenses. As we recognize compensation expense for a stock-based award, we concurrently recognize a related deferred tax asset. The subsequent vesting or exercise of the award will generally result in an actual tax benefit that differs from the deferred tax asset that had been recorded. The excess (deficiency) of the actual tax benefit over (under) the previously-recorded tax asset is recognized as income tax benefit (expense) on the date of vesting or exercise. Income taxes. We base our annual provision for income taxes on the pre-tax income reflected in our consolidated statement of operations. We establish deferred tax liabilities or assets for temporary differences between GAAP and tax reporting bases and later adjust them to reflect changes in tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. We record a valuation allowance as necessary to reduce a deferred tax asset to the amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We do not provide deferred income taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that we expect to permanently reinvest. We record a deferred tax charge in prepaid taxes for the difference between GAAP and tax reporting bases with respect to the elimination of intercompany profit in ending inventory. We assess our uncertain income tax positions in two steps. First, we evaluate whether the tax position will more likely than not, based on its technical merits, be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation. For a tax position that does not meet this first criterion, we recognize no tax benefit. For a tax position that does meet the first criterion, we recognize a tax benefit in an amount equal to the largest amount of benefit that we believe has more than a 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. We record interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as income tax expense. Foreign currency transactions and translation. We report all gains and losses from foreign currency transactions (those denominated in a currency other than the entity’s functional currency) in current income. The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for most of our consolidated entities. The local currency is the functional currency for some of our consolidated foreign entities. We translate the financial statements of those foreign entities into U.S. dollars, using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date to translate assets and liabilities, and using the average exchange rate for the reporting period to translate income and expenses. We record the resulting translation adjustments in other comprehensive income (loss). Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized, discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized, describes those assets and the accounting policy used, including a description of the qualifying activity, the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements. Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value. Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements, including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example, common stock, a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities, for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting. The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions, noncontrolling interest, and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary. Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred, provisions associated with inventories, purchase discounts, freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties. Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency, (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation, combination, or the equity method of accounting, and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy. Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill and intangible assets. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements. Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes, including, but not limited to, basis for determining inventory amounts, methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes, loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, basis of assets, depreciation and depletion methods used, including composite deprecation, estimated useful lives, capitalization policy, accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance, capitalized interest and the method it is calculated, disposals and impairments. Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable, and finance, loan and lease receivables, including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments, charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs, including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables, including those that are impaired, past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables. Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue from contract with customer. Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling, general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption. Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured, and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement. In our statements of cash flows, we classify cash flows related to cash flow hedges in the same category as the cash flows from the hedged items. Offsetting. As noted above, our derivative contracts are governed by ISDA agreements that allow for net settlement of derivative contracts with the same counterparty. It is our policy to present the fair values of current derivatives (that is, those with a remaining term of 12 months or less) with the same counterparty on a net basis in our balance sheets. Similarly, we present the fair values of noncurrent derivatives with the same counterparty on a net basis. We do not net current derivatives with noncurrent derivatives in our balance sheets. Classification of Cash Flows Related to Cash Flow Hedges [Policy Text Block] Disclosure of accounting policy for offsetting or not offsetting fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments against such amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral (a receivable) or the obligation to return cash collateral (a payable) arising from derivative instruments recognized at fair value. Adoption of Updated Accounting Standards [Abstract] Impact of Adopting ASC 606 [Table Text Block] Supplemental information on year end balance sheets. Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations, including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations. Tabular disclosure of goodwill and intangible assets, which may be broken down by segment or major class. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Tabular disclosure of the change in common stock outstanding. Tabular disclosure of an entity's stock, including par or stated value per share, number and dollar amount of share subscriptions, shares authorized, shares issued, shares outstanding, number and dollar amount of shares held in an employee trust, dividend per share, total dividends, share conversion features, par value plus additional paid in capital, the value of treasury stock and other information necessary to a fair presentation, and EPS information. Stock by class includes common, convertible, and preferred stocks which are not redeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Includes preferred stock with redemption features that are solely within the control of the issuer and mandatorily redeemable stock if redemption is required to occur only upon liquidation or termination of the reporting entity. If more than one issue is outstanding, state the title of each issue and the corresponding dollar amount; dollar amount of any shares subscribed but unissued and the deduction of subscriptions receivable there from; number of shares authorized, issued, and outstanding. The following table shows our net sales by geography: 1 Represents net sales of branded products to “advanced economies” as defined by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), excluding the United States. Our largest developed international markets are the United Kingdom, Australia, Germany, France, and Japan. 2 Represents net sales of branded products to “emerging and developing economies” as defined by the IMF. Our largest emerging markets are Mexico, Poland, Russia, and Brazil. 3 Represents net sales of branded products to global duty-free customers, other travel retail customers, and the U.S. military regardless of customer location. 4 Includes net sales of used barrels, bulk whiskey and wine, and contract bottling regardless of customer location. The following table shows our net sales by product category: 1 Includes all whiskey spirits and whiskey-based flavored liqueurs, ready-to-drink, and ready-to-pour products. The brands included in this category are the Jack Daniel's family of brands, Woodford Reserve, Canadian Mist, GlenDronach, BenRiach, Glenglassaugh, Old Forester, Early Times, Slane Irish Whiskey, and Coopers' Craft. 2 Includes el Jimador, Herradura, New Mix, Pepe Lopez, and Antiguo. 3 Includes Finlandia. 4 Includes Korbel Champagne and Sonoma-Cutrer wines. 5 Includes net sales of used barrels, bulk whiskey and wine, and contract bottling regardless of customer location. Net Sales [Abstract] Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor. The following table shows how the present value of our projected benefit obligations changed during each of the last two years. Expected benefit payments (net of retiree contributions) over the next 10 years are as follows: The following table shows the fair value of pension plan assets by category as of the end of the last two years. (Fair value levels are defined in Note 15.) Level1 Level2 Level3 Total April30, 2018 Equity securities $ 89 $ — $ — $ 89 Cash and temporary investments — — — — Limited partnership interest 1 — — 4 4 $ 89 $ — $ 4 93 Investments measured at net asset value: Commingled trust funds 2 : Equity funds 226 Fixed income funds 362 Real estate funds 66 Short-term investments 5 Limited partnership interests 3 27 Hedge funds 4 1 Total $ 780 April 30, 2019 Equity securities $ 79 $ — $ — $ 79 Cash and temporary investments 29 — — 29 Limited partnership interest 1 — — 3 3 $ 108 $ — $ 3 111 Investments measured at net asset value: Commingled trust funds 2 : Equity funds 157 Fixed income funds 370 Real estate funds 66 Short-term investments 23 Limited partnership interests 3 27 Hedge funds 4 — Total $ 754 1 This limited partnership interest was initially valued at cost and has been adjusted to fair value as determined in good faith by management of the partnership using various factors, and does not meet the requirements for reporting at the net asset value (NAV). The valuation requires significant judgment due to the absence of quoted market prices, the inherent lack of liquidity, and the long-term nature of the investment. This limited partnership has a term expiring in 2020, although this period may be extended. 2 Commingled trust fund valuations are based on the NAV of the funds as determined by the fund administrators and reviewed by us. NAV represents the underlying assets owned by the fund, minus liabilities and divided by the number of shares or units outstanding. Generally, for commingled trust funds other than real estate, redemptions are permitted daily with no notice period. The real estate fund is redeemable quarterly with 110 days’ notice. 3 These limited partnership interests were initially valued at cost and have been adjusted using NAV per audited financial statements. Investments are generally not eligible for immediate redemption and have original terms averaging 10 to 13 years, although those periods may be extended. 4 Hedge fund valuations are based primarily on the NAV of the funds as determined by fund administrators and reviewed by us. During our review, we determine whether it is necessary to adjust a valuation for inherent liquidity and redemption issues that may exist within a fund’s underlying assets or fund unit values. The following table shows how the fair value of the Level 3 assets changed during each of the last two years. There were no transfers of assets between Level 3 and either of the other two levels. The following table shows how the total fair value of all pension plan assets changed during each of the last two years. (We do not have assets set aside for postretirement medical or life insurance benefits.) The following table shows the funded status of our plans. The funded status is recorded on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as follows: The following table compares our pension plans whose assets exceed their accumulated benefit obligations with those whose obligations exceed their assets. (As noted above, we have no assets set aside for postretirement medical or life insurance benefits.) The following table shows the components of the pension cost recognized during each of the last three years. The amount for each year includes amortization of the prior service cost/credit and net actuarial loss/gain included in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of the beginning of the year. The following table shows the components of the postretirement medical and life insurance benefits cost that we recognized during each of the last three years. The following table shows the pre-tax effect of these amounts on OCI during each of the last three years. The weighted-average assumptions used in computing benefit plan obligations as of the end of the last two years were as follows: assumptions used in computing benefit plan cost during each of the last three years were as follows: The assumed health care cost trend rates as of the end of the last two years were as follows: Defined benefit plan assumptions used in computing benefit plan expense. Pension expense. Postretirement medical and life insurance benefit expense. Tabular disclosure of accumulated benefit obligations and fair values of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans where the accumulated benefit obligation exceeds the fair value of plan assets. Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans. This information may include, but is not limited to, the target allocation of plan assets, the fair value of each major category of plan assets, and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall. Tabular disclosure of the amounts that are recognized in the balance sheet (or statement of financial position) for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans, showing separately the assets and current and noncurrent liabilities (if applicable) recognized. Tabular disclosure of the net gain (loss) and net prior service cost or credit recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) for the period for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans, and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period, as those amounts, including amortization of the net transition asset or obligation, are recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost, including assumed discount rates, rate increase in compensation increase, and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of the fair value of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans showing separately, if applicable, the effects during the period attributable to each of the following: actual return on plan assets, foreign currency exchange rate changes, contributions by the employer, contributions by plan participants, benefits paid, business combinations, divestitures, and settlements. Tabular disclosure of the change in the benefit obligation of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans from the beginning to the end of the period, showing separately, if applicable, the effects of the following: service cost, interest cost, contributions by plan participants, actuarial gains and losses, foreign currency exchange rate changes, benefits paid, plan amendments, business combinations, divestitures, curtailments, settlements, and special and contractual termination benefits. Tabular disclosure of the effect of fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) on changes in plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans for the period. Tabular disclosure of benefits expected to be paid by pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in each of the next five fiscal years and in the aggregate for the five fiscal years thereafter. Tabular disclosure of the assumed health care cost trend rates for the next year used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the plans, including the ultimate trend rate(s) and when that rate is expected to be achieved. Tabular disclosure of net funded status of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans. Grant Date Fair Values of DSUs [Table Text Block] Schedule of Share-Based Payment Award, Restricted Stock Units, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block] Schedule of Share-Based Payment Award, Stock Appreciation Rights, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block] Stock-Based Awards, Other Information [Table Text Block] Tabular disclosure of the amount of total share-based compensation cost, including the amounts attributable to each share-based compensation plan and any related tax benefits. Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for stock appreciation rights awards that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, and the number of stock appreciation rights awards that were granted, exercised or converted, forfeited, and expired during the year. Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted, vested, or forfeited during the year. Summary of Loss Carryforwards and Valuation Allowances [Table Text Block] Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years. Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets. Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations. Tabular disclosure of income before income tax between domestic and foreign jurisdictions. Tabular disclosure for tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities and other income tax contingencies. Includes, but is not limited to, interest and penalties, reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits, unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate, tax years that remain subject to examination by tax jurisdictions, and information about positions for which it is reasonably possible that amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months. The purchase price of $341 was allocated based on management’s estimates and independent appraisals as follows: Acquisition of Business [Abstract] Tabular disclosure of the amounts recognized as of the acquisition date for each major class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. May include but not limited to the following: (a) acquired receivables; (b) contingencies recognized at the acquisition date; and (c) the fair value of noncontrolling interests in the acquiree. The following table presents the pre-tax impact that changes in the fair value of our derivative instruments and non-derivative hedging instruments had on AOCI and earnings during each of the last three years: Classification in Statement of Operations 2017 2018 2019 Derivative Instruments Currency derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Net gain (loss) recognized in AOCI n/a $ 41 $ (54 ) $ 69 Net gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings Sales 40 (11 ) 6 Currency derivatives designated as net investment hedge: Net gain (loss) recognized in AOCI n/a 8 — — Currency derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Net gain (loss) recognized in earnings Sales 2 (5 ) 6 Net gain (loss) recognized in earnings Otherincome (5 ) 9 6 Non-Derivative Hedging Instruments Foreign currency-denominated debt designated as net investment hedge: Net gain (loss) recognized in AOCI n/a 2 (41 ) 45 Foreign currency-denominated debt not designated as hedging instrument: Net gain (loss) recognized in earnings Other income 3 (21 ) 9 The following table presents the fair values of our derivative instruments as of April30, 2018 and 2019 : Balance Sheet Classification FairValueof Derivativesina Gain Position FairValueof Derivativesina Loss Position April30, 2018 Designated as cash flow hedges: Currency derivatives Other current assets $ 2 $ (2 ) Currency derivatives Other assets 1 — Currency derivatives Accruedexpenses 4 (23 ) Currency derivatives Other liabilities 2 (18 ) Not designated as hedges: Currency derivatives Accrued expenses 1 (5 ) April30, 2019 Designated as cash flow hedges: Currency derivatives Other current assets 21 (2 ) Currency derivatives Other assets 22 (1 ) Currency derivatives Accrued expenses — (5 ) Currency derivatives Other liabilities — (1 ) Not designated as hedges: Currency derivatives Accrued expenses — — The following table summarizes the gross and net amounts of our derivative contracts: Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets (Liabilities) Gross Amounts Offset in Balance Sheet Net Amounts Presented in Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Not Offset in Balance Sheet Net Amounts April30, 2018 Derivative assets $ 10 $ (9 ) $ 1 $ (1 ) $ — Derivative liabilities (48 ) 9 (39 ) 1 (38 ) April30, 2019 Derivative assets 43 (3 ) 40 — 40 Derivative liabilities (9 ) 3 (6 ) — (6 ) Offsetting Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block] Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated as hedging instruments reported before netting adjustments, and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments. Tabular disclosure of the location and fair value amounts of derivative instruments (and nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments) reported in the statement of financial position. Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities, including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity, if any, that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall, segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1), significant other observable inputs (Level 2), and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). The following table presents the components of net other comprehensive income (loss) during each of the last three years: Pre-Tax Tax Net Year Ended April 30, 2017 Currency translation adjustments: Net gain (loss) on currency translation $ (71 ) $ (4 ) $ (75 ) Reclassification to earnings 3 (1 ) 2 Other comprehensive income (loss), net (68 ) (5 ) (73 ) Cash flow hedge adjustments: Net gain (loss) on hedging instruments 41 (17 ) 24 Reclassification to earnings 1 (40 ) 16 (24 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net 1 (1 ) — Postretirement benefits adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost 28 (10 ) 18 Reclassification to earnings 2 25 (10 ) 15 Other comprehensive income (loss), net 53 (20 ) 33 Total other comprehensive income (loss), net $ (14 ) $ (26 ) $ (40 ) Year Ended April 30, 2018 Currency translation adjustments: Net gain (loss) on currency translation $ 12 $ 12 $ 24 Reclassification to earnings — — — Other comprehensive income (loss), net 12 12 24 Cash flow hedge adjustments: Net gain (loss) on hedging instruments (54 ) 18 (36 ) Reclassification to earnings 1 11 (3 ) 8 Other comprehensive income (loss), net (43 ) 15 (28 ) Postretirement benefits adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost 5 (2 ) 3 Reclassification to earnings 2 20 (7 ) 13 Other comprehensive income (loss), net 25 (9 ) 16 Total other comprehensive income (loss), net $ (6 ) $ 18 $ 12 Year Ended April 30, 2019 Currency translation adjustments: Net gain (loss) on currency translation $ (16 ) $ (11 ) $ (27 ) Reclassification to earnings — — — Other comprehensive income (loss), net (16 ) (11 ) (27 ) Cash flow hedge adjustments: Net gain (loss) on hedging instruments 69 (16 ) 53 Reclassification to earnings 1 (6 ) 1 (5 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net 63 (15 ) 48 Postretirement benefits adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost (41 ) 10 (31 ) Reclassification to earnings 2 33 (8 ) 25 Other comprehensive income (loss), net (8 ) 2 (6 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net $ 39 $ (24 ) $ 15 1 Pre-tax amount is classified as sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 2 Pre-tax amount is classified as non-operating postretirement expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Tabular disclosure of components of comprehensive income (loss). Includes, but is not limited to, foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated as economic hedges of a net investment in foreign entity, gain (loss) and prior service cost (credit) for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans. Tabular disclosure of the names of foreign countries from which revenue is material and the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to those countries. An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts [Abstract] A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible. Accounting policies. Whiskey Aging Period The excess of replacement or current cost over the stated LIFO (last in first out) inventory value when the LIFO inventory method is utilized. The percentage of LIFO (last in first out) inventory to total inventory as of the balance sheet date if other than 100 percent. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment. Deferred Income, Tax Benefit of Intercompany Transfer of Assets, Net of Amortization New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle, Effect of Change on Assets New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle, Effect of Change on Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle, Effect of Change on Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle, Effect of Change on Liabilities Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings, Tax Effect Amount after tax of increase (decrease) to equity or (increase) decrease to net assets, resulting from the cumulative effect adjustment of a new accounting principle applied in the period of adoption. Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary difference from intra-entity transfer of asset within consolidated group. Excludes intra-entity transfer of inventory. Amount of the effect of a change in accounting principle on operating profit or loss. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Accrued Advertising and Promotion Compensation and commissions. Excise and other non income taxes. Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services. Amount, after tax, of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit). Accumulated adjustment, net of tax, that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity, net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses. Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge. Amount, after tax, of accumulated gain (loss) on derivative instrument designated and qualifying as cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness. Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition, improvement, or renovation to the structure, including, but not limited to, interior masonry, interior flooring, electrical, and plumbing. Amount of structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service. Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use, excluding land held for sale. Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment. Amount of liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for goods and services received classified as other, and expenses incurred but not yet paid, payable within one year or the operating cycle, if longer. Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other, due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Amount of current assets classified as other. Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for income and other taxes that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures. Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures. Amount of liabilities incurred to vendors for goods and services received, and accrued liabilities classified as other, payable within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line. Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities. Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards classified as noncurrent. Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences, with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent. The amount of excise and sales taxes included in sales and revenues, which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes, which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales, use and value added taxes, which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services. Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity. Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest, and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments. Amount before accretion (amortization) of purchase discount (premium) of interest income on nonoperating securities. Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future. Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for net periodic benefit cost components, excluding service cost component, of defined benefit plan. Amount includes, but is not limited to, interest cost, expected (return) loss on plan asset, amortization of prior service cost (credit), amortization of (gain) loss, amortization of transition (asset) obligation, settlement (gain) loss, curtailment (gain) loss and certain termination benefits. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues. The net amount of other operating income and expenses, the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement, from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations. Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise. Amount, including tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value-added and excise. The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc. Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. Net income available to common stockholders. Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented. Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method. The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period. Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period. Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) which increases (decreases) an asset representing future economic benefits from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Amount of loss from the write-down of an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period. Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value. Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) which increases (decreases) an asset, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value. A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period. Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets, excluding goodwill, as of the balance sheet date, net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges. Commitments. Long-term Purchase Commitment, Contract Period Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets, including but not limited to, furniture and equipment, that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line. Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of the unrecorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example, as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts). Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Guarantee Obligations Current Exposure Amount due from customers or clients, within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer), for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business, reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Maximum potential amount of future payments (undiscounted) the guarantor could be required to make under the guarantee or each group of similar guarantees before reduction for potential recoveries under recourse or collateralization provisions. Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance. Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid, in CCYY-MM-DD format. Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations. Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. Commercial Paper Borrowings, Average Remaining Maturity Commercial Paper Borrowings, Weighted Average Interest Rate Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of short-term borrowings using unsecured obligations issued by banks, corporations and other borrowers to investors. The maturities of these money market securities generally do not exceed 270 days. Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example, borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets), but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation. Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP), net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock, the exercise of stock options, stock issued under employee stock purchase plans, and/or other employee benefit plans. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise. Amount of gain (loss) from change in actuarial assumptions which (increases) decreases benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Assumptions include, but are not limited to, interest, mortality, employee turnover, salary, and temporary deviation from substantive plan. Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan. Amount of payment to participant of defined benefit plan which decreases benefit obligation. For pension plan, payment includes, but is not limited to, pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan, payment includes, but is not limited to, prescription drug benefits, health care benefits, life insurance benefits, and legal, educational and advisory services. Amount of contributions received by defined benefit plan from participant which increase benefit obligation. A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period. Amount of increase (decrease) in benefit obligation of defined benefit plan from change in terms of existing plan or initiation of new plan. Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in five fiscal years after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year. Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year. Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year. Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year. Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year. Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Percentage of target investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes, but is not limited to, percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Defined benefit plan sales and settlements. Amount, measured using unobservable inputs, of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) on assets still held. A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period. Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) determined by change in fair value of plan assets adjusted for contributions, benefit payments, and other expenses. A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period. Amount of payment to participant under defined benefit plan which decreases plan assets. For pension plan, payment includes, but is not limited to, pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan, payment includes, but is not limited to, prescription drug benefits, health care benefits, life insurance benefits, and legal, educational and advisory services. Amount of contributions received by defined benefit plan from participant which increases plan assets. Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan. Amount of funded (unfunded) status of defined benefit plan, measured as difference between fair value of plan assets and benefit obligation. Includes, but is not limited to, overfunded (underfunded) status. Amount, before tax, of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit). Amount, before tax, of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit. Amount, before tax, of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for cost (credit) of benefit change attributable to participants' prior service from plan amendment or plan initiation of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit). Amount of asset (liability), recognized in statement of financial position, for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. Amount of liability, recognized in statement of financial position, for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, classified as current. Amount of liability, recognized in statement of financial position, for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, classified as noncurrent. Defined benefit plan pension plans with assets in excess of accumulated benefit obligation aggregate accumulated benefit obligation. Defined benefit plan pension plans with assets in excess of accumulated benefit obligation aggregate fair value of plan assets. Defined benefit plan pension plans with assets in excess of accumulated benefit obligation aggregate projected benefit obligation. Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered, excluding assumptions about future compensation level. Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Amount of accumulated benefit obligation for defined benefit plan with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets. Amount of plan asset for defined benefit plan with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets. Amount of projected benefit obligation for defined benefit pension plan with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets. Amount of prior service cost (credit) recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit) of defined benefit plan. Amount of expected return (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit, calculated based on expected long-term rate of return and market-related value of plan assets of defined benefit plan. Amount of gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit from irrevocable action relieving primary responsibility for benefit obligation and eliminating risk related to obligation and assets used to effect settlement. Postretirement medical and life insurance benefit expense. Amount of prior service cost (credit) recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit) of defined benefit plan. Defined benefit plan amortization reclassified to net income. Amount, before tax, of cost (credit) of benefit change attributable to participants' prior service from plan amendment or plan initiation of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit). Amount, before tax, of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for prior service cost (credit) of defined benefit plan. Amount, before tax, after reclassification adjustment, of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan. Amount, before tax, of gain (loss) for (increase) decrease in value of benefit obligation for change in actuarial assumptions and increase (decrease) in value of plan assets from experience different from that assumed of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit. Amount, before tax, of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan. Defined Benefit Plan, Assumption Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost, Discount Rate, Interest Cost Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost, Discount Rate, Service Cost Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows, used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Weighted average rate increase of compensation, used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Plan includes, but is not limited to, pay-related defined benefit plan. Weighted average rate of return on plan assets, reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions, used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Weighted average rate of compensation increase used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Plan includes, but is not limited to, pay-related defined benefit plan. Assumed rate, for next fiscal year, based on annual change in cost of health care cost benefits used to measure expected cost of benefits covered by defined benefit postretirement plan. Factors include, but are not limited to, estimate of health care inflation, change in health care utilization or delivery pattern, technological advances, and change in health status of participant. Excludes factors for change in composition of plan population by age and dependency status. Ultimate trend rate for health care cost for defined benefit postretirement plan. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Amount included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan expected to be recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit for fiscal year following most recent annual statement of financial position. Amount included in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for prior service cost (credit) expected to be recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit) for fiscal year following most recent annual statement of financial position. Amount of contributions expected to be received by defined benefit plan from employer in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year. Amount of cost for defined contribution plan. The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors), net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments, for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants, the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested). The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments), and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards, net of cancellations and forfeitures, if applicable. Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award, Non-Option Equity Instruments, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award, Non-Option Equity Instruments, Exercises in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award, Non-Option Equity Instruments, Forfeitures and Expirations in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award, Non-Option Equity Instruments, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Exercisable Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Exercisable, Number Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Non-Option Equity Instruments, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period. Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Number of non-option equity instruments exercised by participants. Number of shares under non-option equity instrument agreements that were either cancelled or expired. Net number of non-option equity instruments granted to participants. Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested instruments. Intrinsic value of equity-based compensation awards outstanding. Excludes stock and unit options. The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan). The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term. The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period. The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Expected term of share-based compensation awards, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Conversion to Common Shares, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event. The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan). A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period. A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Number of shares under non-option equity instrument agreements that were either cancelled or expired. Net number of non-option equity instruments granted to participants. Other increase (decrease) in number of shares reserved for issuance under non-option equity instrument agreements that is not separately disclosed. Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested instruments. Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Remaining Performance Period The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan). The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term. The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period. The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan). The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested instruments. Share based compensation arrangement by award stock settled appreciation rights exercises in period intrinsic value. Amount of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation, attributable to excess tax benefit for share-based compensation cost. Unrecognized cost of unvested share-based compensation awards. Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. The total recognized tax benefit related to compensation cost for equity-based payment arrangements recognized in income during the period. The aggregate amount of noncash, equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options, amortization of restricted stock or units, and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash, this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method. Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to domestic operations. The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations, which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile. Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest, and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments. Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. Amount of current foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations. Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. Amount of deferred foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Benefit of Intercompany Transfer of Assets, Amortization Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Percent Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss). Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other deductions. Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deduction for qualified production activity. Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to statutory income tax expense (benefit) outside of the country of domicile. Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments. Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to revisions of previously reported income tax expense. Percentage of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation, attributable to excess tax benefit for share-based compensation cost. Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit), net of federal tax expense (benefit). Deferred Tax Assets, Loss and Credit Carryforwards Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from inventory. Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards. Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from postretirement benefits. Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from accrued liabilities. Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting. Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from intangible assets including goodwill. Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences classified as other. Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment. Deferred Tax Assets, Loss and Credit Carryforwards Deferred Tax Assets, Non-Trading Loss Carryforwards Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss and Credit Carryforwards Amount of loss carryforwards, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws. Includes operating various types of losses, such as operating, non-trading, and capital losses. Loss Carryforwards, Other Non-Trading Loss Carryforward Non-Trading Loss carryforward, Valuation Allowance Operating Loss and Credit Carryforwards Operating Loss and Credit Carryforwards, Valuation Allowance Other Loss Carryforwards, Valuation Allowance Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible foreign operating loss carryforwards. Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible loss carryforwards, classified as other. Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Amount of operating loss carryforward, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. The portion of the valuation allowance pertaining to the deferred tax asset representing potential future taxable deductions from net operating loss carryforwards for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period. Amount of unrecognized tax benefits. Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns. Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in current period tax return. Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns. Amount of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries intended to be permanently reinvested outside the country of domicile. Deferred Income, Tax Benefit of Intercompany Transfer of Assets , Before Amortization Deferred Income, Tax Benefit of Intercompany Transfer of Assets, Cumulative Amortization Deferred Income, Tax Benefit of Intercompany Transfer of Assets, Net of Amortization Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Amount Income Tax Benefit from Reduction in Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Incomplete Accounting, Change in Tax Rate, Provisional Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Incomplete Accounting, Provisional Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Incomplete Accounting, Transition Tax for Accumulated Foreign Earnings, Provisional Income Tax Expense Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Measurement Period Adjustment, Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss). Amount of foreign earnings repatriated from subsidiaries outside the country of domicile. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. The amount of the unrecognized tax benefit of a position taken for which it is reasonably possible that the total amount thereof will significantly increase or decrease within twelve months of the balance sheet date. Amount of unrecognized tax benefits. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. Business Combination, Consideration Transferred and Assumed Debt and Transaction Related Obligations Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Debt and Transaction Related Obligations Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Percentage of voting equity interests acquired at the acquisition date in the business combination. Amount of consideration transferred, consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer, liabilities incurred by the acquirer, and equity interest issued by the acquirer. Amount of liabilities incurred by the acquirer as part of consideration transferred in a business combination. The equity interest of noncontrolling shareholders, partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity. The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period. The cash portion only of the acquisition price. Amount of cash outflow to a noncontrolling interest. Includes, but not limited to, reduction of noncontrolling interest ownership. Excludes dividends paid to the noncontrolling interest. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. Amount of consideration transferred, consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer, liabilities incurred by the acquirer, and equity interest issued by the acquirer. Amount of assets acquired at the acquisition date. Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed before one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, acquired at the acquisition date. Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services, including trade receivables, that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business, and amounts due from others, including related parties expected to be converted to cash, sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, acquired at the acquisition date. Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables, assumed at the acquisition date. Amount of long-term debt due within one year or within the normal operating cycle, if longer, assumed at the acquisition date. Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary difference assumed at the acquisition date that are classified as noncurrent. Amount of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, that lack physical substance, having a projected indefinite period of benefit, acquired at the acquisition date. The amount of inventory recognized as of the acquisition date. Amount of liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Amount recognized as of the acquisition date for the identifiable assets acquired in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed. The amount of property, plant, and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date. Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Derivative Instruments [Abstract] Non-Derivative Hedging Instruments [Abstract] Nonderivative, Gain (Loss) on Nonderivative, Net Nonderivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Effective Portion, Net Amount of increase (decrease) in the fair value of derivatives recognized in the income statement. The effective portion of net gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as hedging instruments. Amount before tax of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss). Fair value of the assets less the liabilities of a derivative or group of derivatives. Aggregate notional amount specified by the derivative(s). Expressed as an absolute value. Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. The aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments that contain credit-risk-related contingent features that are in a net liability position at the end of the reporting period. For nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments, the fair value amounts are the carrying value of the nonderivative hedging instrument, including the adjustment for the foreign currency transaction gain (loss) on that instrument. The estimated net amount of unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency cash flow hedges at the reporting date expected to be reclassified to earnings within the next 12 months. Maximum amount of time remaining before foreign currency exchange rate derivatives mature or expire, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Derivative Asset Fair Value Gross Liability Amount Not Offset In Balance Sheet Derivative Asset Fair Value Net Of Gross Liability Amount Not Offset in Balance Sheet Derivative Liabilities Fair Value Net Of Gross Asset Amount Not Offset In Balance Sheet Derivative Liability Fair Value Gross Asset Amount Not Offset In Balance Sheet [Line Items] for Offsetting Assets and Liabilities [Table] Fair value of liability associated with financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Fair value, after the effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset. Fair value, before effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement. Fair value, before effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement. Fair value, after the effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset. Fair value of asset associated with financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. Fair value portion of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the asset arising from derivative instruments and hedging activities, which are expected to be converted into cash or otherwise disposed of within a year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Sum as of the balance sheet date of the (a) fair values of all liabilities resulting from contracts that meet the criteria of being accounted for as derivative instruments, and (b) the carrying amounts of the liabilities arising from financial instruments or contracts used to mitigate a specified risk (hedge), and which are expected to be extinguished or otherwise disposed of within a year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, net of the effects of master netting arrangements. Fair value portion of asset contracts related to the exchange of different currencies, including, but not limited to, foreign currency options, forward contracts, and swaps. Fair value portion of liability contracts related to the exchange of different currencies, including, but not limited to, foreign currency options, forward (delivery or nondelivery) contracts, and swaps entered into. The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations. This element represents the portion of the balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item represents the amount of short-term debt existing as of the balance sheet date. Before Tax [Abstract] Net of Tax [Abstract] Tax Effect [Abstract] Amount before tax and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss). Amount after tax, before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss). Amount of tax expense (benefit) allocated to other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Amount before tax of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent entity. Amount of tax expense (benefit) allocated to other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent entity. Amount before tax of reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss). Amount of tax expense (benefit) of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise. Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures. Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period. Amount of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves. Amount of increase in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves from charge to cost and expense. Amount of increase in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves from charge to accounts other than cost and expense. Amount of decrease in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.